Intro R revamp (PR 3 of n) : Add second notebook (#164)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: intro-to-R-tidyverse/01-introduction-base-R.Rmd

x
```

> We can modify an existing variable by reassigning it to its same name. 

Author: Let me know if you think this accomplishes what you were thinking, @jashapiro

> Here we'll add `2` to `x` and reassign as `x`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we'll add `2` to `x` and reassign the result back to `x`. 
```
